Docs/issue 1661 add tip to source docs and update weaviate docs (#1662)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/weaviate.md

    tokenization={"title": "word", "description": "whitespace"},
)
```

> When adapting resources, it's important to implement changes directly to the data source itself rather than extracting resources separately. Here's how:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `weaviate_adapter`, it's important to apply it directly to resources, not to the whole source. Here's an example:
```

Author: done

```py
products_tables = sql_database().with_resources("products", "customers")

pipeline = dlt.pipeline(
        pipeline_name="postgres_to_weaviate_pipeline",
        destination="weaviate",
    )

> # adapt the resource within the source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# apply adapter to the needed resources
```

Author: done
